Right, I am going to tell you how this works. You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question, one question. You are going to give me a name and if it's the right name, I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes. If it's the wrong name, you'll be fed to the crayfish.

He rode past me and kept on goin'. Never said nothin' goin' by. He just rode on past and he had his blanket wrapped around him and his head down. And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.

Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods? We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.

If you want to drive a race car well, whether to win an Indy car race or just have fun competing in the middle of the pack in an amateur race, you must be seated properly in the car. First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.

We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.

I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel as fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."

I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.

I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real. I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all I can feel.

There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.

Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last.

Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now. A situation that needs to be either dealt with or accepted - yes.

Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.

One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future.

I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain.

Your face has fallen sad now, for you know the time is nigh. But when I must remove your wings and you, you must try to fly. Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.

I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.

Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace. By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.

The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. Steer, shift, and use the pedals smoothly, and with finesse - not with blinding speed and brute force. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.

There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers. And right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet.

When Betty and Billy fell asleep, he walked down to the kitchen to see if there was anything around to eat. He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.

Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead. Looking well ahead, and concentrating on getting to where I'm looking, seems to really help me.

I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame. Living's a wicked dream, where things turn out all wrong. We're all so weak, no matter how strong.

Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass. Never turn down an opportunity to pass - you may not get it again.

To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. Halfway across the Bay Bridge the fog enveloped us, whipping in strands through the rusted girders. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.

But older than me now, more constant, more real, and the fur, and the mouth, and the innocence turned to hair and contentment that hangs in abasement - a woman now standing where once there was only a girl.

The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it. Alas, the time is coming when man will no longer shoot the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have forgotten how to whir.

Ideology: the process of making ideas. The work was generally performed in silence and solitude, since great care was needed in their manufacture. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.

The idea of "Mr. Right" has been passed down over the generations that for every woman there is the perfect man for her. I laugh at the whole notion and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.

Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.

Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around. Come loose your dogs upon me and let your hair hang down. You are a little mystery to me every time you come around. We talk about it all night long, we define our moral ground. But when I crawl into your arms everything comes tumbling down.

For centuries, the battle of
morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs
to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors. And no
one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to
live it.

But no matter how effective the lesson was, I never really used it after that. I didn't enjoy doing it that way. But it was interesting to know that things worked much differently from how I was brought up.

However, let us leave aside the philosophical, social, and economic aspects of the question. I do not wish to fatigue your attention. I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.

Imagine for a moment if we once again knew these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true accounting, it really cost. We would no longer need any reminding that however we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.

Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property. I tell you that you cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!

Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood.

There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known. I wish I had known, for instance, that such a long period of being single was in the cards for me. I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation.

And I don't believe in the
existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if
I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you. To
each burn a candle for you, to make bright and clear your path. And to
walk, like Christ, in grace and love and guide you into my
arms.

A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward.

When she returns to the forum page, her post is there. It is a way now, approximately, of being at home. The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.

Ultimately, this is not about solving your problems. It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.

I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Expectant, too punctual, but prettier than ever, I really believe that this time it's forever.

So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again. Making it up behind my back again. Holding my breath for the fear of sleep again. Holding it up behind my head again. Cut in deep to the heart of the bone again. Round and round and round and it's coming apart again. Over and over and over.

I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground.

Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way. Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. And then, one day you find, ten years have got behind you, no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.

Remembering you running soft through the night. You were bigger and brighter and whiter than snow. And screamed at the make-believe, screamed at the sky, and you finally found all your courage to let it all go.

I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you. Not to touch a hair on your head, to leave you as you are, and if he felt he had to direct you, then direct you into my arms.

When the light of life has gone, no change for the meter. Then the king of spivs will come, selling blood by the litre. When nothing's sacred anymore, when the demon's knocking on your door, you'll still be staring down at the floor.

Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host. If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. You can never escape, you can only move south down the coast.

Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.

I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you.

I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.

It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.

I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad
you remembered, the walking through walls in the heart of December.
The blindness of happiness, of falling down laughing, and I really
believed that this time was forever.

Although his voice was also broken by uncertainty and his hands seemed to doubt the existence of things, it was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.

This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Besides Butch, how many fights you think you got left in you anyway? Two? Boxers don't have an old timer's pension. You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.

Don't take anything personally - nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.

When we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality. Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality.

There's a hole in the world like a great black pit. And the vermin of the world inhabit it. And its morals aren't worth what a pig could spit. And it goes by the name of London.

Has it been five years? Six? It
seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San
Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to
be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories
can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that
corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.

I know a bloke who knows a bloke
who knows a bloke. Now, I know you know this bloke. This is a bloke
you know.

The odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them. The reason is that men who have something going for them in their lives, men who passionately live life with a purpose, are usually too busy living their dreams to hang out "trolling for chicks."

Be impeccable with your word - speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.

We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.

Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements. Instead, begin with a few laps, maintaing intense concentration and motivation. If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.

You have a class of young strong
men and women, and they want to give their lives to something.
Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need.
Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy
what they don't really need.

Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.

If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no one likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win.

In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around.

If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament. It wants to be free of change, free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death. But change is a law, and no amount of pretending will alter that reality.

I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.

You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide. Because you're mine, I walk the line.

Now that I know that I'm breaking to pieces, I'll pull out my heart and I'll feed it to anyone. Crying for sympathy, crocodiles cry for the love of the crowd and the free cheers from everyone. Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.

We often believe the more we practice a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.

Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity.

Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements.

Don't make assumptions - find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.

Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it.

As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself, I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again.

The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.

Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.

The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value.

San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.

Well, the way they make shows is,
they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that
show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one
show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get
picked and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She
starred in one of the ones that became nothing.

That fear had been inside him for many years, it had lived with him, it had been another shadow ever since the night he awoke, shaken by a bad dream, and realized that death was not only a permanent probability, as he has always believed, but an immediate reality.

All the blue light reflections that color my mind when I sleep. And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep. All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep. Hey I can bleed as well as anyone, but I need someone to help me sleep.

Good games offer players a set of
challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have
routinized their mastery.

Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?

I had a dream. There was our world, and the world was dark because there weren't any robins, and the robins represented love. And for the longest time, there was this darkness. Then all of a sudden, thousands of robins were set free and they flew down and brought this blinding light of love. I guess it means that there is trouble until the robins come.

Now I want you to think and stop being a smart aleck.  A man's attitude goes some ways - the way his life will be. Is that something you agree with? So since you agree, you must be someone who does not care about the good life.

She's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain. I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain. Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.

Every time I think of you I feel
shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but
it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind.
There's no sense in telling me the wisdom of a fool won't set you
free. But that's the way that it goes, and it's what nobody knows,
while every day my confusion grows.

You ask Raymond what he does for a living and he says, "I breathe and walk and when I'm told to sit I sit and when I'm told to leave I leave and return home to luxuriate and think how much I despise them." He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm.

To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you t hat this vocation is a reality.

Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way.

They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good.

The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum.

I know that the idea of raising well-rounded, smarter kids can be daunting. And sadly, no easy formula exists. Kids are as complex, varied, and exciting individuals as you are. The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.

The Earth is a world, the world is
a ball, a ball in a game with no rules at all. And just as I wonder at
the beauty of it all, you go and drop it and it breaks and
falls.

Once you get into the processed foods you have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie, or the nondairy creamer, to a plant growing in the earth some place, but it can be done.

When I was your age, television was called books. And this is a special book. It was the book my father used to read to me when I was sick, and I used to read it to your father. And today I'm gonna read it to you.

Contrary to the feminist cant, there are many things we can learn from men's perspective about life and personal identity. To refuse to learn anything that could prove beneficial to yourself is a working definition of stupid.

The most precious treasures we have
in life are the images we store in the memory banks of our brains. The
sum of these stored experiences is responsible for our sense of
personal identity and our sense of connectedness to those around
us.

There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists, until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning. We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch.

Your inner child will be happy to know that when it comes to wine, it's okay to like some colors more than others. You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.

We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago. One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.

Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong.

The sooner your kids appreciate the value of work, the more successful they will be. Work is part of life. You work to earn money, put food on the table, and keep your homes orderly and clean. For your kids, work involves schoolwork, homework, and teamwork at home and in the community.

I had a job, I had a girl. I had something going, mister, in this world. I got laid off down at the lumber yard, our love went bad, times got hard. Now I work down at the carwash, where all it ever does is rain. Don't you feel like you're a rider on a downbound train.

Groups of illegal miners smuggle themselves down in freight lifts. They stay below ground for months at a time, armed with pistols and homemade grenades, chiseling out ore and then grinding it and extracting the gold using mercury, just as poor gold miners do at the surface.

Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so. Just because one does not process sensory information and replay it the same way as everyone else does not mean that there is a lack of comprehension or interest.

We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child. But, let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship and you were afraid to be in my debt.

Music finds a comfortable parallel
with that of human language. Much as language has words, sentences,
and stories, music has tones, melodies, and
songs.

Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality.

I have quit three jobs and been fired from all the rest. Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend: someone else makes the decision for you, and it's impossible to sit in the wrong job for the rest of your life.

One thing I've learned in the last seven years: in every game and con there's always an opponent, and there's always a victim. The trick is to know when you're the latter, so you can become the former. 

Everything we hold dear likewise resolves into its original essence: values, principles, goals, and aspirations. If we take them seriously, we will suffer when they are stolen from us, just as the Lord Buddha taught. But if we see that they are all farts in the wind, and let them fly, then we can dwell in the original essence, which is fragrant and sweet, instead of the fart, which is not.

There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Sew a plastic bag onto your tee-shirt or belt and wear a loose-fitting jacket or coat to cover any noticeable bulge. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.

He started running, up and up, until he hurled himself into the air. As he was falling face down, somehow all the years of training in martial arts at once possessed him. His body instinctively adjusted itself and even his arms spread out, swinging to ensure that he wouldn't hurt himself fatally. With a thump his feet landed on the ground.

Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again. Where? I don't know.

All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.

The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, according them greater significance than the others. But each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.

I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah.

I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging.

Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you. She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne she cut your hair and from your lips she drew the hallelujah.

The only preventive thing I do is wash clothes after buying them in a thrift shop - this after catching crabs from a pair of used pants. I was in my midtwenties at the time and probably would have itched myself all the way to the bone had a friend not taken me to a drugstore.

If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.

And you know it's time to go,
through the sleet and driving snow, across the fields of mourning,
light in the distance. And you hunger for the time - time to heal,
desire time, and your earth moves beneath your own dream
landscape.

If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.

Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. The mob has plans, the cops have plans, you know, they're schemers. Schemers trying to control their worlds. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.

Life is not suffering; it's just that you will suffer it, rather than enjoy it, until you let go of your mind's attachments and just go for the ride freely, no matter what happens.

This planet has, or rather had, a problem, which was this: most of the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy. 

All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle, thieving human beings.

She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky. Now and then when I see her face she takes me away to that special place and if I'd stare too long I'd probably break down and cry.

Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.

But the two men were not lonely at all. At home they were content to eat and drink, and Singer would talk with his hands eagerly to his friend about all that was in his mind. So the years passed in this quiet way until Singer reached the age of thirty-two.

It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars that, gazing upward, one could not help wondering how so many whimsical wicked people could live under such a sky.

Rhymes trap you into saying things
you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example.
Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or
calling someone a liar, or putting them on a pyre, even if that wasn't
what you were going to say.

Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive. I've been licked, washed up for years, and I merely survive because of my pride.

Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens its almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet.

When I really worry about something, I don't just fool around. I even have to go to the bathroom when I worry about something. Only I don't go. I'm too worried to go. I'm too worried to interrupt my worrying to go.

Corn is what feeds the steer that becomes the steak. Corn feeds the chicken and the pig, the turkey and the lamb, the catfish and the tilapia and, increasingly, even the salmon, a carnivore by nature that the fish farmers are reengineering to tolerate corn. The eggs are made of corn. The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.

Burning my bridges and smashing my mirrors, turning to see if you're cowardly. Burning the witches with modern religions, you'll strike the matches and shower me. In water games washing the rocks below. Taught and tamed in time with tear flow.

And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothing and he says, "What do ya think about that?" So I says, "Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then."

Let's face it: there are tons of things in your home and life that you don't use, need, or even particularly want. Whether you realize it or not, this clutter creates indecision and distractions, consuming attention and making unfettered happiness a real chore. 

One essential rule: make sure the joke is the last possible thought, and don't add other words to the sentences after the joke. If you do, the audience will think that your take-off was only a setup for a bigger laugh coming up.

No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse.  At the same time, it is often within your power to make them better. I learned this lesson well on New Year's Eve, 2001.

The alternative to binge travel - the mini retirement - entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home or moving to another locale. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.

My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash. That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.

I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. I was afraid to be left alone, and for three days I roamed dejectedly through the city, unable to understand what was happening to me. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.

Too often writers believe that they can emphasize words by putting them in all capital letters. The only problem is that when all capital letters are used, the ability to read the words is reduced dramatically because all the letters are rectangles. A more effective way to emphasize words is sparingly to use bold, italics, underline, and combinations of these styles.

A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show its head. Go hence to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.

Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England.

When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air. We drew in deep breaths of it as we walked back from dinner through the cold vestibules, unutterably aware of our identity with this country for one strange hour, before we melted indistinguishably into it again.

I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man. A man to be treated with respect but I must say no to you and I will give you my reasons. It's true, I have a lot of friends in politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice, but drugs, that's a dirty business.

Danger is a topic you're often asked about as a sprinter. The common perception is that the final 200 meters of a Tour stage are the most dangerous and the most frightening. That might be half right, but while it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes, Instinct, sure. But fear, no.

And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. They've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler.

There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends, to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms. And they did, and she got sick, and now she's pinned and way too shaky.

As customers of all races, nationalities, and cultures visit the Dekalb Farmers Market by the thousands, I doubt that many stand in awe and contemplate the meaning of its existence. But in the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.

It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons.  The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.

We sit silently and watch the world
around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the
old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still
feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the
silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws
people together because only those who are comfortable with each other
can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.

Being able to quit things that don't work is integral to being a winner. Going into a project or job without defining when worthwhile becomes wasteful is like going into a casino without a cap on what you will gamble: dangerous and foolish.

But if in efficient causes it is
possible to go on to infinity, there will be no first efficient cause,
neither will there be an ultimate effect, nor any intermediate
efficient causes; all of which is plainly false. Therefore it is
necessary to admit a first efficient cause, to which everyone gives
the name of God.

We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically - that is, clearly and effectively - but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.

With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic. Forget figuring out how to chart a career and start a family; some of us, like the characters on Seinfeld, couldn't figure out how to go to the movies.

It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.

Stab a sorry heart with your favorite finger. Paint the whole world blue and stop your tears from stinging. Hear the cavemen singing. Good news they're bringing. Seven seas, swimming them so well. Glad to see my face among them kissing the tortoise shell.

Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin. Diggin in that hard caliche. What you got ain't nothin new. This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.

I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you? It goes like this: the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. The baffled king composing hallelujah.

There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.

There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have? So, let's just say I'm driving this buggy, and if you fix your attitude, you can ride along with me. Now you will see me one more time, if you do good. You will see me, two more times, if you do bad.

Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and snowin, hard ridin. Hard country.

The brain can be a tool. It can recall phone numbers, solve math puzzles, or create poetry. In this way, it works for the rest of the body, like a tractor. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you; then the tractor has run wild.

A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager.  And that is what DOS is. A manager. It manages the operations in your computer.

Many wines have more than 14 percent alcohol because the winemaker added alcohol during or after the fermentation. That's an unusual way of making wine, but some parts of the world, like the Sherry region in Spain and the Port region in Portugal, have made quite a specialty of it. Dessert wine is the legal U.S. terminology for these wines, probably because they're usually sweet and often enjoyed after dinner.

In general, many of these targets
are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should
always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet
for the proper heists. Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest
garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a
wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all
kinds of stores.

The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think. This is not easy to do, but your goal should be at least to develop the ability to think of the word and have the appropriate fingers tap the appropriate keys without interrupting the thinking process so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.

Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup. Grab a beer for your beverage instead and you'd still be drinking corn, in the form of alcohol fermented from glucose refined from corn. Read the ingredients on the label of any processed food and, provided you know the chemical names it travels under, corn is what you will find.

This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing. The snow peas were crisp, the bamboo shoots crunchy, and the portabella mushrooms succulent, perfectly done.

For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues. And those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.

And though my journeys did take me to a great many states, and covered a great many miles, at the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.

You have to wonder: how do the
machines know what Tasty Wheat tasted like? Maybe they got it wrong.
Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like
oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things.
You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to
make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like
everything.

It takes more than a calorie of
fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint
of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the
petroleum directly, because there's a lot less energy in a bushel of
corn (measured in calories) than there is in the half gallon or so of
oil required to produce it. Ecologically this is a fabulously
expensive way to produce food.

I am learning about twenty new Italian words a day. Where am I getting the brain space to store these words?  I'm hoping that maybe my mind has decided to clear out some old negative thoughts and sad memories and replace them with these shiny new words.

I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends.

A long time ago, I was in Burma, my friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.

They knew the were privileged to have these choices, but they also knew the stakes were high. These people were asking the big questions: How do I find meaning in my life? Should I have children? What is the most meaningful way to connect with other people? How should I balance my work life with my personal life (and is there a distinction anymore)?

The truth of the matter is that there are a lot of available men (and more than enough who are not "available," but will still try) of varying quality, that you can choose from, but the odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them.

I don't believe in painted roses or
bleeding hearts while bullets rape the night of the merciful. I'll see
you again when the stars fall from the sky and the moon has turned red
over One Tree Hill.

The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope, because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can, too.

It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace. He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.

With the coming of Dean Moriarty
began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before
that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always
vaguely planning and never taking off. Dean is the perfect guy for the
road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were
passing through Salt Lake City.

We go waiting for the stars to come showering down. From Moscow to Mars, universe falling down. You got to look real hard there's a fiery star hidden out there somewhere. Not the satellite of love but a laser shooting out its shiny tongue there.

So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet. These are the good old days you'll look back on with pride. You might as well enjoy it now.

Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.

He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan: cruise some chicks and get a suntan. And his friend gave him four, but said only take one. But then he got bored and he ended up taking all four, so now my man ain't that bored anyways. The paramedics found him, he was shaking on the side of the stage.

It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. And this bag was, like, dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. And that's the day I knew there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force.

You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You are truly incorruptible, aren't you? Huh? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever.

The problem is, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep the cage locked!

Although the United Nations does not have the power to enforce decisions or compel nations to take military action, the ability to compel member nations to impose economic sanctions against countries guilty of violating security orders gives it significant power in the world stage.

Paper as we know it today was invented in China in around 100 AD. Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper.

O clear intelligence, force beyond all measure! Gentlemen, I beg you to observe these girls: one has just now lost her mind; the other, it seems, has never had a mind at all.

Historically, most wines contained less than 14 percent alcohol - either because there wasn't enough sugar in the juice to attain a higher alcohol level, or because the yeasts died off when the alcohol reached 14 percent, halting the fermentation.

I suddenly had the impression that I had been left all alone, that everyone was shrinking away from me, avoiding me. You are, of course, right to ask who that everyone is, for although I've lived in Petersburg for eight years now, I haven't managed to make a single friend.

If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!

I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows. I didn't feel tired at all. On the contrary, every joint in me was as relaxed as if a load had been lifted from my shoulders.

Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat.

I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life, anybody's life, my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got?

The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, as many as sixty different bits, keeps trying them out on small groups (but never your own family), rewrites discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience.

Whether they use the title or not, many lyrics have evocative first lines that grab the listener's attention. Often thinking of a good first line can make the rest of the lyric flow.

I was shaking like a leaf, so without thinking I lit up a cigarette on the airplane to calm my nerves. I was trembling, I was very emotional and that's when all the rest of it happened. It's very regrettable. Now, I don't want to kick up a fuss, press charges, contact the British embassy. I'd rather not pursue those channels, that's not my style. I'm not that sort of a bloke.

After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut. There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.

Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history.  In fact, typing contests and demonstrations of speed were fairly common during this period. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.

Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress. Just as editor Henry Grady had looked north for investment and support in the wake of the Civil War, the city's newest generation of boosters saw international dollars as the future for Atlanta.

Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever.

And in the world a heart of darkness, a firezone, where poets speak their hearts then bleed for it. Jara sang, his song a weapon, in the hands of love. You know his blood still cries from the ground. It runs like a river to the sea.  We run like a river runs to the sea.

It is possible that I already had some presentiment of my future. The locked and rusted gate that stood before us, with wisps of river fog threading its spikes like the mountain paths, remains in my mind now as the symbol of my exile.

In order to face down the danger that is stalking us and move through it, we first have to recognize that we are facing a crisis. So why is it that our leaders seem not to hear such clarion warnings? Are they resisting the truth because they know that the moment they acknowledge it, they will face a moral imperative to act? Is it simply more convenient to ignore the warnings?

I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and I drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it, and then I will bring what I've done to your home.

It's a blue savanna song: somewhere cross the desert, sometime in the early hours, in a restless world, on the open highways. My home is where the heart is, sweet to surrender, to you only - I send my love to you.

The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say (either a bit sheepishly, because you're acknowledging that you can't handle the list, or with defiant bravado, signifying that you're not going to waste your time on this nonsense), "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."

The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae.  Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas. I picture it to be the tallest building in that state and I have decided they hire their employees straight out of prison.

Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes - they call me on and on across the universe. Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box - they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe.

To evaluate an option from the other side's point of view, consider how they might be criticized if they adopted it. Write out a sentence or two illustrating what the other side's most powerful critic might say about the decision you are thinking of asking for.

Combat for a naval aviator is fought in short, violent bursts. Our missions last but an hour or two before we are clear of danger and back on the carrier playing poker with our buddies. We are spared the sustained misery of the infantrymen who slog through awful conditions and danger for months on end.

Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row. In a manner of speaking, he slowed down the typists to prevent jamming, and thus speed up the typing.

There is no pain, you are receding.
A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in
waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying. When I was
a child, I had a fever. My hands felt just like two balloons. Now I've
got that feeling once again. I can't explain you will not understand.
This is not how I am.

My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Days will be spent to let you know that what you once did at one blow, like eating and drinking so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.

Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now.

Unlike the other four senses located in the logical regions of the forebrain, our sense of smell is wired directly into the limbic system, the so-called "reptilian" cellar of the brain responsible for our most basic emotions, from rage to lust.

In the witch trials, it was nearly impossible to provide compelling alibis for accused witches: The rules of evidence had a special character. For example, in more than one case a husband attested that his wife was asleep in his arms at the very moment she was accused of frolicking with the devil; but the archbishop patiently explained that a demon had taken the place of the wife.

From compositional considerations the tomato layer would be expected to have a relatively high heat capacity and low conductance. It thus serves as a buffer between the mozzarella and the baked dough.

People get ready, there's a train coming. You don't need no baggage, you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket, you just thank the Lord.

Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.

The creation ends in South Georgia, at the very edge of the sweet earth. Only the sky, widest of the wide, goes on, flatness against flatness. The sky appears so close that, with a long-enough extension ladder, you think you could touch it, and sometimes you do, when clouds descend in the night to set a fine pelt of dew on the grasses, leaving behind white trails of fog and mist.

Let's sort the buyers from the
spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the
ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not
up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like
jewelry?

The great edifice of variety and choice that is an American supermarket turns out to rest on a remarkably narrow biological foundation comprised of a tiny group of plants that is dominated by a single species: Zea mays, the giant tropical grass most Americans know as corn.

If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, expands to new territory, and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously. 

Some pilots like the excitement of our missions, knowing that they are of short duration, but most of us concentrate so fiercely on finding our targets and avoiding calamity that we recall more vividly our relief when it's over than we do our exhilaration while it's going on.

In the English language, swearing is essential to effective communication. Whether you want to succeed in business, school, or social circles, a strong command of vocabulary is absolutely necessary.

How many roads must a man walk down
before you call him a man? Yes, and how many seas must a white dove
sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, and how many times must the
cannonballs fly before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend,
is blowin' in the wind; the answer is blowin' in the
wind.

Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations.  The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information.

Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.

Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.

When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes. Indeed, in the last few years a whole catalog of exotic species from the tropics has colonized, and considerably enlivened, the produce department.

Well, it just so happens, this hacienda comes with its very own private beach. And this private beach just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight. And there just so happens to be a full moon out tonight.

And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.

I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown. Observing the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, good friends we lost along the way. In this bright future you can't forget your past, so dry your tears, I say.

A little boy went out to play. When
he opened his door, he saw the world. As he passed through the
doorway, he caused a reflection. Evil was born, and followed the
boy.

The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding upon me. What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of people? What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?

Space is big. Really big. You just
won't believe how vastly hugely mindbogglingly big it is. I mean you
may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's
just peanuts to space.

The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow Roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars, and in the middle, you see the blue center-light pop, and everybody goes ahh...

Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body.

On a manual typewriter, strike the
key with a nice sharp stroke - not a hard stroke, but a fast one. The
sound should be sharp and quick. If you are pushing your keys rather
than striking them, the sound will be mushy.

It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind.

The Inca believed that if one did not give thanks and obedience to the gods, bad things would happen. The world of the Andes Mountains is full of ecological wonders - and ecological disasters such as earthquakes, severe storms, and volcanic activity.

Comfortable, Mullet? It seems sadly ironic that it's that tie that's got you into this pickle. Now you just take all the time you want. You can play some music if you like.

My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash.

That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.

I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale.

You found paradise in America. You
had a good trade, made a good living, the police protected you and
there were courts of law and you didn't need a friend like me. But,
now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me
justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer
friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather.

Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.

When you are typing on a typewriter, your input appears directly on paper.  When you are typing on a computer, your input appears on a screen and is transferred to paper after the proper command has been given.

Is it really necessary to send that
email? The more emails you send, the more work others will have to do
to prioritize your requests. How many of the things you're mentioning
are important? If you have 10 issues to discuss, break them into two
groups and focus on the most important group.

Padre, these are subtleties! We are not concerned with motives, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons. He will be your true Christian, ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the heart at the thought of killing a fly. Reclamation! Joy before the angels of God! The point is that it works.

Today, computers have taken this ancient art out of the craftsman's workshop and placed it on the desktop. Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word without investing the many years it takes to learn the trade.

We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall. "If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?"

I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream. 

Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute. Only chance can speak to us. We read its message much as gypsies read the images made by coffee grounds at the bottom of a cup.

I'm telling it like it is. Get used to it or put this book down. Because this book is for America's Heroes. And who are the Heroes? The people who bought this book. People who borrow this book are not Heroes. They are no better than welfare queens mooching off the system like card-carrying library card-carriers. For the record, we're not offering this book to libraries. No free rides.

There are men who possess a peculiarly strong visual memory, sharpness and accuracy of eye, presence of mind, dexterity of hand, and above all a subtle sense of touch, who are as it were born into God's world for the sole and special purpose of becoming distinguished card-sharpers.

The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. The first wheels, disks carved from solid wood, may have been built as early as 3500 BC. The earliest use of this device was the potter's wheel, used to spin and shape clay pottery.

Historian James C. Cobb has described southern identity as "not a story of continuity versus change, but continuity within change." Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.

If you are given too many choices, if you are forced to consider much more than your unconscious is comfortable with, you get paralyzed. Snap judgments can be made in a snap because they are frugal, and if we want to protect our snap judgments, we have to take steps to protect that frugality.

It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.

Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.

Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized - or a verse and a chorus.  A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy.

That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.

At first they had tried to keep the
finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an
extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would
be a public relations disaster. But worse than that, it would
interfere with the data analysis. If the press descended, the science
would surely suffer.

But, pray how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of the Yahoos, who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time when I little thought, or feared, the unhappiness of living under them?

The melted mozzarella layer, which we shall designate MML, is the obvious source of trauma to the roof of the mouth and from the point of view of medical physics is clearly the key agent in the etiology of pizza burn.

Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round. A 1937 Fortune magazine article about this and other progressive labor policies at Hormel might well shock those familiar only with the company's labor relations in the 1980s.

A total of twenty-five friends were headed from San Francisco across the Sierra toward our rendezvous in the Black Rock Desert that day. Significantly absent among them was Julia, my girlfriend at the time. We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.

There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane. The procedure reduces the heat-transfer problem to one dimension represented by a vector normal to the pizza surface.

Around midafternoon, the snow thinned into sleet, and some umbrellas appeared on Kissena Boulevard. When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs.

I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theater, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering.

If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see. But if I stayed here with you, girl, things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you cannot change.

We might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries. Mythology, folklore, religion, literature, science, politics, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology as well as theater, film, television, visual culture, and cyberspace all have scores of images and tales attesting to its appeal.

The basis of the Aztecs' success in certaing a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland. The high productivity gained by these methods made for a rich and populous state.

The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, rewrites, discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience. 

What should have been swift revenge
turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't
go from one section to the other, not even to visit a relative. The
cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used
to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to
die.

The theory of music emphasizes the elements from which music is composed. One such structure is the melody, which is a grouping of musical notes that combine into a basic, but immensely flexible structure. Another is the chord, which is two or more notes played simultaneously to create a harmony.

Yet the web of thought has no such creases and is more like a weaver's masterpieces; one step, a thousand threads arise, hither and thither shoots each shuttle, the threads flow on, unseen and subtle, each blow effects a thousand ties.

I was hugely impressed. Kirk, I mean
Shatner, was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't
know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave
until he understood. That's heroic to me.

Buddhism addresses two major types of meditation. Vipassana can be translated as "insight," a clear awareness of exactly what is happening as it happens. Samatha can be translated as "concentration" or "tranquility". It is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander.

The recipe for turning fruit into wine goes something like this: 1. Pick a large quantity of ripe grapes from grapevines (you could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines). 2. Put the grapes into a clean container that doesn't leak. 3. Crush the grapes somehow to release their juice. (Once upon a time, feet performed this step). 4. Wait.

We may climb into the thin and cold realm of pure geometry and lifeless science, or sink into that of sensation. Between these extremes is the equator of life, of thought, or spirit, or poetry - a narrow belt.

I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something. I felt my soul receding into some pleasant and vicious region; and there again I found it waiting for me.

I sincerely believe that if women study male lessons on concepts of assertion, courage, destiny, purpose, honor, dreams, endeavor, perseverance, goal orientation, etc., they would have a more fulfilling life, pick better men with whom to be intimate, and have better relationships with them.

But suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones, and that the oomny ones use like, inspiration and what Bog sends. Now it was lovely music that came into my aid. There was a window open with the stereo on, and I viddied right at once what to do.

Hello, hello, hello, is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone home? Come on, come on, out, I hear you're feeling down. I can ease your pain and get you on your feet again. Relax, relax, relax, I need some information first. Just the basic facts, can you show me where it hurts?

Popularity is only partially about individual attractiveness. It's much more about alliances. To become more popular, you need to be constantly doing things that bring you close to other popular people, and nothing brings people closer than a common enemy.

She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese. I started walking right after her when this Anglo-Saxon attitude that I have said, "No, that's not a good reason to decide which language to speak." So I went back and signed up for the Spanish class, to my utter regret.

A zealot might be, for instance, an individual with a personal motive for revenge so overpowering that it ensures complete dedication to the cause. Or, through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.

Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks. Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.

The pathology of setting a deadline to the earliest articulable date essentially guarantees that the schedule will be missed. Even the strategy of picking the "most likely date" is not particularly safe, as the area to the left of the peak of the curve is barely a third. That says there is a two-thirds chance of missing the deadline.

I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.

Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands? And your plan is to blackmail this person?

In 1873 the Sholes &amp; Glidden Type Writer became the first to be mass produced, and its keyboard layout was soon standard on all typewriters. Other keyboard layouts have been created since, such as the Blickensderfer and the Dvorak, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.

Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. Smelled like victory. Someday this war's gonna end.



No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.

As the netted bag says, this potato was grown in Idaho, that onion came from a farm in Texas. Move over to Meat, though, and the chain grows longer and less comprehensible: The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.

I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well.

Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness. When consciousness frees itself from identification with physical and mental forms, it becomes what we may call pure or enlightened consciousness, or presence.

Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tires. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.

Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating - a flow state for human beings.

Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer; whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter -  typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities. In this high-tech world of computer-generated communications, anyone who can't type runs the risk of being excluded from many business transactions.

Gardeners know how to grow top-notch crops. They determine which plants thrive best under available conditions, plan their optimum placement, and nourish the seeds with plant food and water. Plants that receive the most attention thrive, blossoming into colorful fruits and flowers.

Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. Here - one price - ten pound. 

She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum. Brod discovered 613 sadnesses, each perfectly unique, each a singular emotion, no more similar to any other sadness than to anger, ecstasy, guilt, or frustration.

The chemistry of an element is determined by the manner in which its electrons are arranged in the atom. Such arrangements are the basis of the modern periodic classification of the elements: the Periodic Table.

He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already.

My darling, you have to be standing up in order to be able to fall. I mean, if you keep sitting on your ass, nothing's gonna happen. "Only brave warriors fall off their horses in battle. How can kneeling cowards know what a fall is?"

At the time when Britain faced a plunge into chaos and darkness, a hero emerged who not only succeeded in getting the feuding tribes to work together against their common enemy, but led them in a series of smashing victories that established him as a figure of great power and importance - a figure ripe for developing into the myth-laden king of later accounts.

A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over.  Underneath the pyramid is a hundred dollar bill.  How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid? The only way you can get the answer is if it comes to you suddenly in the blink of an eye.

Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it. Establishing the reality of subjective facts depends entirely on the trustworthiness of those who claim to be experiencing them. 

Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions.  Memory can be contaminated. False memories can be implanted even in minds that do not consider themselves vulnerable and uncritical.

Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves, in labyrinths of coral caves - the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand, and everything is green and submarine.

The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe. As a result, the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans is getting dangerously warmer.

Imagine a vast sheet of paper on which straight Lines, Triangles, Squares, Pentagons, Hexagons, and other figures, instead of remaining fixed in their places, move freely about, on or in the surface, but without the power of rising above or sinking below it, very much like shadows - only hard and with luminous edges - and you will then have a pretty correct notion of my country and countrymen.

Because they're at the bottom of the scale, nerds are a safe target for the entire school. If I remember correctly, the most popular kids don't persecute nerds; they don't need to stoop to such things. Most of the persecution comes from kids lower down, the nervous middle classes.

What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide.

But speculations on the structure of the universe also move in quite another direction. The development of non-Euclidean geometry led to the recognition of the fact, that we can cast doubt on the infiniteness of our space without coming into conflict with the laws of thought or with experience.

Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny.

The day dawned bleak and chill, a moving wall of gray light out of the northeast which, instead of dissolving into moisture, seemed to disintegrate into minute and venomous  particles, like dust that, when Dilsey opened the door of the cabin and emerged, needled laterally into her flesh, precipitating not so much a moisture as a substance partaking of the quality of thin, not quite congealed oil.

It doesn't mean much to be able to filter out most present-day spam, because spam evolves. Indeed, most anti-spam techniques so far have been like pesticides that do nothing more than create a new, resistant strain of bugs.

Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." If he'd been alive during ancient times, he might have uttered these same words when facing a play from Euripides. Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.

According to the popular story, the keyboard invented by August Dvorak, a professor of education at the University of Washington, is vastly superior to the Qwerty keyboard developed by Christopher Sholes that is now in common use. We are to believe that, although the Dvorak keyboard is vastly superior to the Qwerty, virtually no one trains on Dvorak because there are too few Dvorak typists.

After the grapes are crushed, yeasts (tiny one-celled organisms that exist naturally in the vineyard and, therefore, on the grapes) come into contact with the sugar in the grapes' juice and gradually convert that sugar into alcohol.

In the late 1960s, a growing number of people became concerned about the growing problems of pollution and the destruction of natural habitats. This movement led to the formation of groups like the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The primary goal of the environmental movement as a whole is to make sure that the environment is safe and intact for future generations to enjoy.

Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls. Partly as a result, the number of large flood events has increased decade by decade, on every continent.

"This man right here," McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more, and when the results of all of the consumer research came in, Kenna's once promising career suddenly stalled.

I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train.

The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital.  All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements.

Who has a safety deposit box full of money and six passports and a gun? Who has a bank account number in their hip? I come in here, and the first thing I'm doing is I'm catching the sightlines and looking for an exit.

Some have a positive vocation for breaking open safes: from their tenderest childhood they are attracted by the mysteries of every kind of complicated mechanism - bicycles, sewing machines, clock-work toys and watches. Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property.

Milt, with the excellent timing of a master comedy writer, waited until the guns were loaded and the noose was knotted before he turned back to the class.  First, he repeated himself. "There is no such thing as writer's block." Then he went on, "There is only failure to make a decision."

We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.

A lot of people, especially this one psychoanalyst guy they have here, keeps asking me if I'm going to apply myself when I go back to school next September. It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's such a stupid question.

Ezekiel twenty-five, seventeen: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.

All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage. Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.

Aztec rule was based upon a system of tribute and fear over the surrounding peoples; every year, they were forced to pay the Aztecs money, goods, and a supply of captives to be sacrificed on the altar. Taking advantage of this resentment of their Aztec overlords, the tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.

Geometry sets out from certain conceptions such as "plane," "point," and "straight line," with which we are able to associate more or less definite ideas, and from certain simple propositions (axioms) which, in virtue of these ideas, we are inclined to accept as "true." Then, on the basis of a logical process, the justification of which we feel ourselves compelled to admit, all remaining propositions are shown to follow from those axioms, i.e. they are proven.

Pulp: 1. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter. 2. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper.

Yet one fine day, in a fit of euphoria, after he had picked up the telephone and taken an order for bonds that had brought him a fifty thousand dollar commission, just like that, this very phrase had bubbled up into his brain. On Wall Street he and a few others had become precisely that - Masters of the Universe.

Quality humor doesn't just deliver
one gag and then tax the audience's patience developing a new setup.
Once you've got the audience laughing or on a roll, it's better to
stay with toopers - a series of punch lines, each related to the
previous one.

Thirdly, however, these wars could now be waged with the new technology of capitalism. Since this technology, through the camera and the telegraph, also transformed the reporting of war in the press, it now brought its reality more vividly before the literate public.

Trudging slowly over wet sand, back to the bench where your clothes were stolen. This is the coastal town that they forgot to close down. Armageddon - come Armageddon, come.

In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.

Common knowledge has bicyclists always riding into the wind, regardless of direction, a perception that is not as wrong as it may seem. On level ground, one rides as fast as is comfortable and because the bicycle is highly efficient, speed is limited by wind resistance. With a tailwind, speeding up until the wind is in one's face is fairly easy, and at that point it becomes a headwind.

Is this the real life? Is this just
fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your
eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no
sympathy. Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Any
way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me.

He had spent enormous amounts of time at the great libraries of the world, and had purchased all the rarest and most important volumes on alchemy. In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life. 

Data is by definition easy to copy. And the Internet makes copies easy to distribute. So it is no wonder companies are afraid. But, as so often happens, fear has clouded their judgment. The government has responded with draconian laws to protect intellectual property. They probably mean well. But they may not realize that such laws will do more harm than good.

The pickpockets' profession demands
extraordinary nimbleness and agility, a terrific certainty of
movement, not to mention a ready wit, a talent for observation and
strained attention.

The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.

Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.

Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness.

I know that you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV, and then The Blair Witch Project was coming on Starz and you were like, "I haven't seen this since it came out and if so we should watch it" and then, "but oh, no, we should just make out instead!"

Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. "Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?

These contests provided ample opportunity to demonstrate the superiority of alternative keyboard arrangements. That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.

Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better do it and do it quick! I'm here to help - if my help is not appreciated then lots of luck, gentlemen.

It may seem quite novelistic to you, and I am willing to agree, but only on the condition that you refrain from reading such notions as "fictive", "fabricated", adn "untrue to life" in the word "novelistic". Because human lives are composed in precisely such a fashion.

The world of typing has changed. In the 1970s, every business had rooms full of secretaries whose job it was to type letters that had been hand-written.  They were copying the writing into a more readable format.  In the early 1980s, the personal computer became a common office machine.

Double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake, eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and owlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.

Throughout my academic career, I'd given some pretty good talks. But being considered the best speaker in the Computer Science department is like being known as the tallest of the Seven Dwarfs.

I don't want to go in there. He's a dangerous bastard. Taken too many disco biscuits in the heat of Russian disputations. He's got as many of these nuts as he has those nuts. 

A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.

The term "barbarian" was created by the Greeks; it was originally used to denote any foreigner. Since then it has gained a more negative connotation, and it is commonly applied to civilizations deemed "inferior" to one's own.

We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.

Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.

Prior to the 1970's, because the United States had long been the world's number one producer of petroleum, American companies determined the global price of oil. In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.

The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art. Unfortunately the loss of many libraries, such as the Great Library of Alexandria in a civil war in the 3rd century AD, also heralded the loss of many of these irreplaceable texts.

He canceled all his commitments and
pulled together the most important of his books, and now here he was
sitting inside a dusty, smelly warehouse. Outside, a huge caravan was
being prepared for a crossing of the Sahara, and was scheduled to pass
through Al-Fayoum.

Few smart kids can spare the attention that popularity requires. Unless they also happen to be good-looking, natural athletes, or siblings of popular kids, they'll tend to become nerds. And that's why smart people's lives are worst between, say, the ages of eleven and seventeen. Life at that age revolves far more around popularity than before or after.

Air-conditioned, odorless, illuminated by buzzing fluorescent tubes, the American supermarket doesn't present itself as having very much to do with Nature. And yet what is this place if not a landscape (manmade, it's true) teeming with plants and animals?

We've arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. 

The basic concept is simple: a satellite in geosynchronous orbit is connected by cable to a stationary or mobile platform somewhere on Earth's equator. An elevator would ride up and down the cable at a fraction of present costs. Many sane and sober people believe that a space elevator will be constructed within this century.

Tis but thy name that is my enemy.
Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor
hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a
man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? That, which we call a
rose by any other word would smell as sweet.

Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, "Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?"

In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.  The first interview was general, designed to eliminate obvious sociopaths. During the second interview we were asked why we wanted to be elves.

There are two places on Earth that
serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially
sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic.
The second is the Antarctic. In both of these frozen realms,
scientists are seeing faster changes and earlier more dramatic effects
of climate change than anywhere else on Earth.

What about Tony? You know, Bullet Tooth Tony. He'll find you Moses in the burning bush, if you pay him to. He got shot six times, had the bullets molded into gold. He's the best chance you got of finding Franky.

Yes, the newspapers were right: snow was general all over Ireland. It was falling on every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark mutinous Shannon waves.

The Orient was almost a European invention, and had been since antiquity a place of romance, exotic beings, haunting memories and landscapes, remarkable experiences. Now it was disappearing; in a sense it had happened, its time was over.

An essential characteristic of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero, and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When he wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic that Superman stands alone. Superman did not become Superman, Superman was born Superman.

There was me, that is Alex, and my
three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, Dim being really dim,
and we sat in the Korova Milkbar making up our rassoodocks what to do
with the evening.

So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable. Baboon strength and agility combined with my determination and media savvy? It would be a threat to all of humanity.

Imagine considering "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements: Thus, whenever you saw the word "if" you would immediately start twitching your right forefinger and left forefinger (preferably in the correct order).  This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.

The streets were cleared by a Critical Mass bike ride and were flooded by activists dressed in second-hand suits with slogans painted on their backs. They danced in the doorsteps of office towers, formed a human chain around the Treasury and held peaceful sit-ins at several banks.

Whether you're a student, secretary, office administrator, manager, computer programmer, or engineer, typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.

Supermarket aisles are the perfect place to practice your glide. Not only do you get to stock up on all your groceries and wow the locals but you can get up to twenty-four aisles' worth of runway-smooth surface to practice on, while being supported by a trolley, the ultimate stabilizer for the novice stiletto wearer.

You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultraviolence and killing is wrong, wrong, and terribly wrong. I've learned me lesson, sir. I've seen now what I've never seen before. I'm cured! Praise Bog! I'm cured!

In short order, Carter then proceeded to kill any chance he had of securing reelection. In American political discourse, fundamental threats are by definition external. Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, or international communism could threaten the United States.  Yet Carter now dared to suggest that the real danger to American democracy lay within.

Yeah, you just take Soupy-Sales to
prom 'cause I can think of so many cooler things to do that night. I
might pumice my feet, I might go to Bren's Unitarian Church, maybe get
hit by a truck full of hot garbage juice, you know? Cause all those
things, would be exponentially cooler than going to prom with
you.

Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock. When I looked once more for Gatsby he had vanished, and I was alone again in the unquiet darkness.

Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race.

The result has been the emergence of what some call the "winner-take-all" economy, in which a rising tide doesn't necessarily lift all boats. Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.

So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund &amp; Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, "So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake." And I says, "What kinda action?" and he says, "Woman action, what do I look like?" And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing."

The evidence in the standard history of Qwerty versus Dvorak is flawed and incomplete. First, the claims for the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard are suspect. The most dramatic claims are traceable to Dvorak himself, and the best-documented experiments, as well as recent ergonomic studies, suggest little or no advantage for the Dvorak keyboard.

One respondent said "For women - a lot of games are crap - they're about armies and shooting. Ninety percent of games are not what I consider provocative for a broad audience." This seems to be a common concern.

And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.

Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left, you'll find my favorite axe. Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase - just one of my bad days. Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets? Or contemplate the silent freeway? Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly? Would you like to see me try? Would you like to call the cops? Do you think it's time I stopped? Why are you running away...

Glancing through the 1977 Atlanta Yellow Pages reveals a city that had yet to be transformed by the proliferation of ethnic food: only ninety-two out of approximately fifteen hundred restaurants could be classified as non-American.

Disillusion is the greatest gift I can give you. But, because of your fondness for illusion, you consider the term negative. You commiserate with a friend by saying, "Oh, what a disillusioning experience that must have been," when you ought to be celebrating with him. The word dis-illusion is literally a "freeing from illusion." But you cling to your illusions.

In 1969 four computers located around the country were in communication with each other through ARPANET. By the mid-1980s, the core of the network was in place, the communications protocols had been determined, and the Internet was live. By the early 1990s the first Internet language (http) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.

How do I live without the ones I love? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned. Place and time always on my mind. I have so much to say but you're so far away.

In May 1980, Fidel Castro opened the
harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of
his people join their relatives in the United States. Within
seventy-two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. It soon
became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back
with them not only their relatives, but the dregs of his
jails.

Excellent. He's enterprising, aggressive, outgoing, young, bold, vicious. He'll do. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.

It is greatly to America's advantage that it is a congenial atmosphere for the right sort of unruliness - that it is a home not just for the smart, but for the smart-alecks. And hackers are invariably smart-alecks. If we had a national holiday, it would be April 1st.

Parisian French is different from Provincial French and German is spoken a little differently in northern and southern Germany. Sound complicated?  Welcome to international business and politics.

In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car. The most important factor is the driver, the ultimate control system of a race car.

The boy has not a real choice, has he? Self-interest, the fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. The insincerity was clear to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.

Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough.

Now you might ask yourself, if by yourself you mean me, "Stephen, if you don't like books, why did you write one?" You just asked yourself a trick question. I didn't write it. I dictated it. I shouted it into a tape recorder over the Columbus Day weekend, then handed it to my agent and said, "Sell this."

Hi, and welcome to the future. San
Dimas, California, 2688. And I'm telling you, everything is great. The
air is clean. The water is clean. Even the dirt is clean. Bowling
averages are way up. Mini-golf scores are way down. And we have more
waterslides than any other planet we communicate with.

Do you know what they call a Quarter-pounder with cheese in France? Royale with cheese. Do you know why they call it a Royale with cheese? Because of the metric system.

Ergonomics is a term that combines the Greek word ergon, meaning "work," and the English word economics.  Simply stated, it is "the study and management of the relationship between the worker and the environment."

In 1966, Andy Dufresne escaped from Shawshank prison. All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap, and an old rock hammer, damn near worn down to the nub. I used to think it would take six-hundred years to tunnel under the wall with it. Old Andy did it in less than twenty.

The inner surface of the cell wall touches the cytoplasmic membrane. The cytoplasmic membrane contains proteins that span the lipid bilayer. The bacterial cytoplasmic membrane (unlike that of animals) has no cholesterol or other sterols.

I had a friend who was a heavy drinker. If somebody asked him if he'd been drunk the night before, he would always answer off-handedly, "Oh, I imagine." I've always liked that answer. It acknowledges life as a dream.

They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialized, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)

Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to; Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, in the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you.

Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Most Americans can't locate Indonesia on a map. The fact is puzzling to Indonesians, since for the past sixty years the fate of their nation has been directly tied to U.S. foreign policy.

I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.

And today, Lady Liberty is under attack from the cable channels, the internet blogs, and the Hollywood celebritocracy, out there spewing "facts" like so many locusts descending on America's crop of ripe, tender values. And as any farmer or biblical scholar will tell you, locusts are damn hard to get rid of.

His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.

My dog barks some. Mentally you picture my dog, but I have not told you the type of dog which I have. Perhaps you even picture Toto, from "The Wizard of Oz." But I warn you, my dog is always with me. Woof!

It's a sunny, woodsy day in Lumberton, so get those chainsaws out. This is the mighty WOOD - the musical voice of Lumberton. At the sound of the falling tree, it's 9:30. There's a whole lotta wood waiting out there, so let's get going.

Two households, both alike in dignity (in fair Verona, where we lay our scene), from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents strife.



You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question.

Do you know why they call him Franky "Four Fingers" Doug? Because he makes stupid bets with dangerous people, and when he doesn't pay up, they give him the chop, Doug. And I'm not talking about his foreskin either.

It was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.

My entire life had been on a predictable trajectory dominated by a couple of university degrees and thirteen years of white-collar employment.  My identity was defined by my career.  I now planned a radical shift, a big leap into the unknown:  from corporate executive to unemployed guy setting up libraries in the Himalayas.

You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.

For centuries, human society has taken the gifts of nature for granted. As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.

I believe in love, and I know that you do too. And I believe in some kind of path that we can walk down, me and you. So keep your candles burning and make her journey bright and pure.

Remembering you standing quiet in the rain as I ran to your heart to be near. And we kissed as the sky fell in holding you close how I always held close in your fear.

The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.

The National Rifle Association says that, "Guns don't kill people, uh, people do." But I think, I think the gun helps. You know? I think it helps. I just think just standing there going, "Bang!" That's not going to kill too many people, is it? You'd have to be really dodgy on the heart to have that.

Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.

Being comfortable in the car is critical. If you're not comfortable, it will not only take more physical energy to drive, but it will also affect you mentally. A painful body will reduce your concentration level.

What? A swallow carrying a coconut? It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut. Listen - in order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?

It turned out that the sweet-talking, tattoo-sporting pikey was a gypsy bare-knuckle boxing champion. Which makes him harder than a coffin nail. Right now, that's the last thing on Tommy's mind. If Gorgeous doesn't wake up in the next few minutes, Tommy knows he'll be buried with him.

We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.

To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.

You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What do you do when you're not buying stereos, Nick? Finance revolutions? You've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket!

I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."

There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. When an athlete trains for long distance running, he or she builds more red muscle fibers than white muscle fibers in his calf muscles. A sprinter has more white muscles. If you retrain a marathon runner to be a sprinter, most of the muscle fibers will convert to white muscles.

First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.

And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon.

Oh bliss! Bliss and heaven! Oh, it was gorgeousness and gorgeousity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest-spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures!

So I'm two inches away from her. Her luscious lips part. Just as I'm about to kiss her, she looks at me and she says, "what's your name?" Gogol Ganguli. End of seduction 101. 

I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.

I was long into my second decade of living single before I came to see my friends in the city for what they were: my personal community, my urban tribe.

Wilkinson County was a recipient of one of the new "separate but equal" schools built throughout the South as a result of the 1954 Supreme Court decision. It had been under construction on a fifty-two-acre plot in Woodville for almost a year, when I graduated in 1959.

I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain.

There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.

Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace.

By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.

Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried.

I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.

Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now.

I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy.

Under the headline "Wonderful Typing," the New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by a Thomas Osborne of Rochester, New York. The Times reported that Mr. Osborne "holds the championship for fast typing, having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13, 1888."

I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Reluctantly, cautiously, but prettier than ever - I really believe that this time it's forever.

When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs.

To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn. Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup.

Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world. And of course the Russians have come to town.

Ideology: the process of making ideas. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.

There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.

Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.

Right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting.

I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.

He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.

Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.

First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.

Because most of the 150,000 tons of gold ever mined is still in circulation, the gold on my finger could have been mined in Persia six thousand years ago, or worn by Cleopatra.

You cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!

I laugh at the whole notion of "Mr. Right" and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.

I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.

Sparkling wines are wines that contain carbon dioxide bubbles. Carbon dioxide gas is a natural byproduct of fermentation, and winemakers sometimes decide to trap it in the wine.

To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet.

Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.

Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now.

This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.

Webster defines intelligence as, "the ability to apprehend interrelationships of the perceived facts (and situations) in order to appropriately guide actions toward desired goals." In other words, the intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.

I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame.

It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling, a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.

The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.

Pulp: a soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.

There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.

How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.

A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight.

Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.

To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.

Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead.

This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't.

It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.

The chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet. The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.

This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Boxers don't have an old timer's pension.

Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass.

If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.

When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.

However we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.

Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host.

I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now.

I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you.

Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?

Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.

Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.

One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married.

Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls.

The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.

The good news is that your child
has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out
this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and
then some.

And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you.

Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night.

First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.

And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.

I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry.

With forty-six Chinese, fourteen Japanese, eighteen Mexican, and only two Thai restaurants, Atlanta was a city still characterized by "all-American" food.

If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."

So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again.

The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.

He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm.

There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.

Your ring finger is the most difficult of all fingers to control. You will notice that when you move your ring finger your other fingers will move involuntarily as well.  This is something that will become less of a problem as you perfect your keyboarding skills.

Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you.

Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.

One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.

Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.

To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties.

At first we were silent, but finally we considered ourselves under the necessity of protesting against such an unjust and serious accusation, before the face of the whole of intellectual society.

Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.

You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever.

It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it.

Other keyboard layouts have been created since, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.

Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims.

We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.

You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me.

We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.

You could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines.

In the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.

When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air.

I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?

This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.

It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly.

I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.

This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing.

We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago.

There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms.

Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.

Like painting, most software is intended for a human audience. And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work. You have to be able to see things from the user's point of view.

Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, the Atlanta of the 1970s was a city obsessed with economic progress, and it would undergo tremendous expansion in the last decades of the twentieth century.

Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers. If you turn your head back and forth between the keyboard and the copy, you will not only give yourself a stiff neck but will also slow down, make errors, and lose your place.

While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety.

I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.

When considering the cultural significance of this intriguing interlude, we might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries.

The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, but each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.

As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.

The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say, "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."

You have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie to a plant growing in the earth some place.

In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists.

The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae.  Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas.

Caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones, but in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.

She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.

Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.

Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.

While it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes, Instinct, sure. But fear, no.

Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.

I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows.

Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up!

Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke.

Don't make assumptions. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.

I'm a hopeless dancer, but this looks like you just screw in a light bulb with one hand and pat the dog with the other. Watch yourself, Darcy, he's about to transform into the Indian MC Hammer!

Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest.

She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese.

Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.

With no map to navigate one's life, some of us have stood stock-still. In such a world of confused roles, time lines, and expectations, the simplest decisions could sometimes become problematic.

Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality.

"This man right here," McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more.

I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.

The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.

While you were sleeping, you tossed, you turned. You rolled your eyes as the world burned. The heavens fell, the earth quaked. I thought you must be, but you weren't awake.

The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up.

Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper.

When I was a kid, you never saw radicchio in the produce section, or a half dozen different kinds of mushrooms, or kiwis and passion fruit and durians and mangoes.

During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.

Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best.

You can't get away with saying "I don't like green food!" much beyond your sixth birthday, but you can express a general preference for white, red, or pink wine for all your adult life.

Rebel spaceships, striking from a
hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic
Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans
to the Empire's ultimate weapon.

The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.

Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word.

In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.

At the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.

The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.

Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world.

He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan.

The basis of the Aztecs' success in certaing a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland.

We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child.

When the mind is brought to rest and not allowed to wander, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood.

Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.

The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art.

Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man.

Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive.

There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters.

Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so.

All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them.

The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. Besides its use in transportation, the wheel went on to become the basic principle behind almost every mechanical device.

Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round.

If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament.

There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag.

It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.

Now did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear, or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right?

We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure.

All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage.

Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized.

As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.

Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind.

Make sure to secure the door when I am gone. There are many dangerous people who wanna take things from Americans, and also kidnap them. Good night!

With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off.

The brain can be a tool. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you.

It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.

Sholes split up the most common pairings of letters in the English language so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.



Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.

Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.

And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit.

Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness.

A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about.

For all its apparent strength, the Aztec Empire had vulnerabilities that the Spanish were able to exploit. The tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.

The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe.

There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.

There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.

Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.

At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster.

A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager.  And that is what DOS is. A manager.

We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall.

The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.

Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?

The typewriter had a problem, though. Try to type quickly on it, and the type bars banged into one another and got stuck. The solution to that problem resulted in the keyboard we know today.

The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.

So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet.

After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut.

Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.

Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it.

Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.

It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace.

I know what "exacerbate" means.  There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.

The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?

At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.

For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues.

She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.

I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.

Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.

Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.

It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars.

Jay earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.

Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example.  Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar.

And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you. 

We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.

Now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather. 

So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable.

Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.

Those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.

Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.

Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers.

Through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.

Other keyboard layouts have been created since, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.

There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying.

There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. Red muscle fibers enable us to maintain long-term, low stress activity. White muscle fibers are specialized for fast, rapid movements.

The alternative to binge travel entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.

Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls.

First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella transitions from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.

I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something.

Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute.

Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.

Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock.

Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it.

Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions.  Memory can be contaminated.

Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.

My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Even eating and drinking, so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.

Imagine words like "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements.  This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.

Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating.

If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see.

Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.

Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans.

Take a break. Shake your hands loosely at the wrists. Stretch your arms above your head. Slowly turn your head from side to side. Stand up and walk around a little to relax your body.

By the early 1990s the first Internet language (HTTP) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.

There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic.

That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.

In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.

Whether you use a PC, laptop, or typewriter -  typing is an invaluable skill. It's a skill that can open doors and enhance your career opportunities.

All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom.  You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines).

The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!

Many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life. 

"This man right here," McGuiness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world."  That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music.